# Google's Gemini almost got me cancelled
Oh well, I won't be able to trust AI summaries anymore after this... How do I 
even start this story? Lemme break this post into two parts; the story and the verdict. 

## Story
Well, lemme introduce a character first. A Discord 
friend whom we shall call *Dana* for this story. I will tell you more about 
her later on. Coming back to the story so, I don't recall how but I came 
across the word "Mamacita" and wanted to know what it means. So, I did what 
every person normal would have done and googled the meaning and fair enough, 
Google gives me an answer *or rather, Gemini gave me the answer back*. My 
experience with Gemini has been good before so I trusted its summary without 
scrolling any further to check the sources or what the different 
websites/dictionaries say. And, this is what Gemini told me 

*"Mamacita" is a Spanish term that translates to "little mother" or "little 
lady". It's often used as a term of endearment, affection, or flattery.*

And two of the points it told me were:
- *It's often used to call someone younger than you in a casual or informal 
setting.*
- *It's often used to show respect, admiration, or affection for someone.*

Now, if you know what mamacita means, then you can probably guess what happens 
in the story but if you are like me and don't know what it means, then 
mamacita is just an endearing term guys call their female partners. Basically, 
mommy/daddy is mami/papi but in Spanish. The only thing you need to know is 
that **you aren't supposed to call any random person that**. It is obvious 
once you know the meaning, like you don't go calling every stranger you meet 
mommy/daddy unless you are a weirdo or a shameless content creator.

Anyways, I, being totally unaware of that, interpreted the meaning in a 
completely different way. The way I interpreted it was that it is used to 
refer younger girls as "little mother" appreciating the fact that they will 
become mothers in the future when they grow up. And I know that it kinda 
sounds weird and I might be doing a terrible job explaining my reasoning but 
knowing how many cultures we have in this world, and how different all of them 
are from each other, I thought it was a cultural thing or I can totally see a 
culture doing this. Welp, that's enough coping.

Coming back to the story so, I kinda talk to Dana almost everyday and I 
started to call her mamacita :p <br>
She would just laugh it off and won't react in any way. Everything was over 
text so I wouldn't know even if she did but anyways, yeahhh, that continued 
for what I recall was 2-3 weeks. One day, I decided to check its meaning again 
because *something felt off* and instead of relying on the LLM summary, I 
decided to open a dictionary and yep, I see the actual meaning of that term 
and when to use it and to whom and blah blah and stuff and went to apologize 
to Dana. She burst into laughing and said, "YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT? HAHAHAHA".
Well, I guess she figured that I am just being a goofball like I am and didn't 
mean anything bad or vulgar so she brushed it off BUT had it been someone else 
whom didn't know me well enough, could have easily gotten me cancelled or uh, 
yk, bad things could have happened if the person was not Dana :p

## Verdict
Welp anyways, all that happened after getting tricked by Gemini who would tell 
me to be cautious with baking soda but wouldn't tell me that calling someone 
mamacita could appear like flirting or vulgar (based on the person you use it 
on).

Anyways, thanks to Dana Blue for being a good friend and not getting me 
cancelled LoL. And as for AI and LLMs, I cannot trust their answers now. BTW, 
I have no intention of shaming Google's Gemini here. As I said earlier, my 
experience with Gemini pretty good. What I don't like about LLMs as a whole is 
**they are so easy to deceive** as well as, **they could be extremely 
deceiving** to the users. If you are a tech person, you know know the concerns 
of *prompt hacking*. Either way, even though I won't be "trusting" LLMs 
anymore, I will still be using them for certain things and will always double 
check from the source to make sure everything is correct. I kinda cannot stop 
using perplexity.ai **(not affiliated with them)** especially because I often 
want to search something but cannot figure out what to write in the search 
bar. Perplexity being a search engine helps me a ton with that and it mentions 
the sources which is why I cannot stop using it. I am not interested in the 
answer summary however it gives me the links of the pages where I can find the 
answers even when I was barely able to tell it the thing I was actually 
looking for.