# Why I will never have a LinkedIn
I think the biggest red flag a person can have is being chronically active on 
LinkedIn. I can rant about LinkedIn for hours but fortunately, none of us care 
about LinkedIn. Hence, this post is not really gonna be about that. I mean 
there will be a section for why I don't like LinkedIn but feel free to skip 
that part (you probably should), the *hero of the blog* is the hilarious story 
of my classmate from high school who has 7 thousand followers on LinkedIn by 
pretending to be a NASA scientist at the age of 17... I KNOW RIGHT! That's 
sOoOoOo stupid but so are the users on LinkedIn who are falling for things 
like this and still using LinkedIn.

## Problem with LinkedIn
The problem with LinkedIn is why it started and how it is going right now. I 
believe it started off for networking and hiring and all that stuff, and I 
presume it worked & that's why LinkedIn became popular. Later on, it kinda 
diverted from being a job market or whatever it used to and sorta became like 
a social media where people can share stuff and that was good too. A lot of 
influential people started posting about real life problems and their 
solutions and a few other things that that did help a lot of people, places 
and businesses bloom. However, this same thing would end up making LinkedIn 
bad.<br><br>
Remember when I said LinkedIn became sort of like a social media? Yep, people 
instead of using LinkedIn for networking, hiring, sharing real life problems 
started to post things like their lavish life and other unrelated things. It 
got the same problem as Instagram. Everything became about followers and 
chasing clout even if that required people to become pretentious and phony. 
When I last opened LinkedIn, I got barely 1-2 posts related to hiring or 
problem solving or just being passionate about their craft or job, and 
instead, I got like 30 posts of people holding a whiteboard with 
photoshopped text like quotes or random sh\*t begging for likes, shares and 
follows or fake tweets with similar text, again begging for likes & follows. 
And I mean, do I need explain anymore? People who are ***actually 
passionate*** about their craft are active on their respective platform say 
GitHub for coders and DeviantArt for artists, maybe SoundCloud for musicians 
or whichever is popular these days BUT *none of them are being clowns on 
LinkedIn* (unless they aren't really actively working on their craft that is.) 
People looking to hire should be looking for active GitHub profile or 
DeviantArt; NOT LinkedIn!<br>
If any employer is reading this, or anyone who can share this with employers, 
screenshot this section or just send them this blog right away. Ask them to 
read this paragraph specifically.

## Hero of the post
Back to the hilarious story of my friend. Before beginning the story, lemme 
give you some context as to what he was like in school. He was a funny guy. 
You know, the *clowns of the class* who will do anything and everything to 
make everyone laugh. He was that guy. Never good with studied though. He was 
into photography and cinema so naturally he tried to be a YouTuber. He tried 
product reviews and vlogging but neither worked. Tried streaming too which 
didn't work either. If you still go to his profile on most platforms, you will 
see that he has either written YouTuber or content creator as his profession. 
Anyways, that should be enough for the context. He is a great guy, and good 
cosplayer too actually lol. Coming back to the story tho', so I called him one 
day 'cuz umm let's not reveal why lol. That was after school ended and stuff. 
We weren't in touch for 2 years. Getting his number was hard as well. 
Fortunately, I found his Discord and reminded him about me and got his number. 
We talked for a good while that day. I asked what he was doing and he said 
that he cleared the medical entrance test with a great score. I was shocked 
and but I thought maybe he has actually started to study or something. I was 
congratulating him BUT THEN he pulls off the biggest joke of that day which 
gave everything away. He said that *he is working as an astrophysicist for 
NASA* xD. I knew that he was kidding so I played along and kept asking him 
questions like "oh cool, in which department?" and "how did you get the offer?" 
and "are you being paid?" and stuff. He answered all of them as if he was 
actually interning for them LoL. I thought maybe he is improv classes as he 
was always interested in cinema. I was very impressed and kept playing along 
as I am also into improv. And oh, his answers were good but you know, I had 
studied physics too so I could clearly see through all the inconsistencies in 
the answers haha. Just then, he mentions his LinkedIn. He said that he posts 
his stuff there. I went to check it after our conversation. I won't be linking 
his profile because of obvious reasons however, I can tell you what I saw. 
First of all, a lot of followers. The numbers back then was 2k and now it is 
7k :p. Secondly, too many epic achievements for a 17 y/o. Like he worked for 
Microsoft as analyst intern, and that at the same time when he was in school. 
B*stard was in the same class with me, sitting right beside me back in those 
days xD. Also, is it even legal to work as a 16 or 17 y/o? I don't think 
Microsoft will risk that. Neither will NASA. He has mentioned that he was 
using his telescope to do astrophotography and sending reports to NASA. Ofc, 
NASA really didn't have better telescopes and cameras with them and oh, also 
they ran out of computing power that they introduced an internship program for 
that and he was the only participant as I could not find the internship on 
NASA's website at all. Anyways, so umm, yeah he has interned for Microsoft, 
NASA, is pursuing 5 degrees at once, everything from astrophysics to MBA, all 
at once. And to back all that up, what did he have? ***A single PDF he made 
with NASA's logo on it "certifying" him for his amazing blah blah for NASA.*** 
His profile is just hilarious. I told other friends and cousins about it and 
they were laughing too. One girl also noticed that apparently, he does 
nothing on LinkedIn except post fake certificates on LinkedIn and likes 
weirdass posts from beautiful chicks xD. Also, hate those posts. People on 
LinkedIn really love to show off. They drag their words so much that *"I got 
my driving license"* becomes ***"I am honored and thrilled to announce that I 
have been selected among the top 5 applicants who participated in the 
professional... (20 minutes of reading later)... I cannot describe my joy and 
cannot wait to see what chapter will be next in my professional life!"***

## Conclusion
Umm, let's keep this one short and use bullet points for that:
- For the employers, decrease relying on LinkedIn profiles and posts. Most of 
them are shit. **Everything I mentioned above was before ChatGPT was a thing.** 
There must be a lot of AI bros on there spreading all sorts of hot garbage.
- For LinkedIn users, really man? At least check the person you are going 
following. I don't suggest people who post motivational stuff or about their 
lavish life. Most of those guys are rich mf spending dad's money and some 
are renting fancy cars and crap just to become popular. Follow those who have passion for a niche or the product/project they are actively work on. Double check for frauds.
- For my friend with the fake account, dude certificates have a link or a QR 
code these days. Add those too otherwise people will know that your PDFs are 
fake XD.